this is just a small interview for the newspaper
just a couple of questions mr dad
waiting for you and how it is for you and your mother
sausage through BKB
you again to4ka trash and you and strong
dangerous than you are interested in prodota
would you like to know more about you i
the most common is obvious
i don't
why you owe my success i'm all
keep control sounds pretty
bored
I fixed the locks Fixiki
lived shah kill
do they have the strength to break away from you and
do not
i am not romantic
time I better off my tastes away from them
rather unusual afraid you won't understand
you dick, too, l with dt
will die yours girlfriends not bicycle
loving
hate dota hate all sorts of virus
really see